I am writing to touch base regarding Claim No: 04680169.

Please be advised that during the entire rental period no damage was done to the car, nor was any damage brought to our attention at the time of return. You may also note that your representative drove the car to get the oil changed, and noticed nothing wrong with the way it was driving. After changing the oil, the mechanic noted that the damage "would have been noticeable when driving". I say this because it would have been very possible for us to have rented the car and drove it the entire time without knowing it was damaged previously.

I understand the need for your company to manage loss and property damage, however in this case the claim is misdirected.

I will be more than happy to review this matter further if you can produce the following:
1. Proof that the vehicle was damaged while it was in our possession. That would include pictures of the car that are time-stamped before and after that show the damage.
2. A contact for the repair shop, so our attorney can speak with them directly.
3. Any documents signed by us acknowledging any damage to the car when returned.

Thank you for your help and please advise if there is anything I can do to help expedite a resolution,

Gregory Inman 


Mr. Elliot,

I recently rented a car from Enterprise to travel a long distance for the holidays and a wedding. My wife had booked a small car but when we arrived they had none available and rather than wait, we accepted a Dodge Journey (SUV-ish). 

The car did well during our trip from St. Louis up to Chicago for a few days, and then down to North Carolina for the wedding. We arrived home about a week and 1900 miles later with no issues. Turned in the car the next morning, did the inspection, signed the contract and went on our way.

A few days later, my wife received a phone call from an Enterprise representative. The woman on the phone explained to my wife Lauren that she had driven the car to get the oil changed, and that the mechanic had found some issues with the suspension. She asked if we had noticed anything odd about the way the car drove, or if we had hit anything in the road. We had an uneventful (albeit long) trip and hadn't noticed anything strange about the car. The woman said that according to the mechanic, a control arm had broken. He asserted that it must have been caused by some type of collision and would have been very noticeable when driving. My wife explained that we had not had any type of collision, and that we had no issues with the car on our trip. My wife also mentioned that the Enterprise rep had not noticed any issues with the way the car drove, and had not requested the mechanic inspect the suspension because of any type of symptoms. It had been simply been "found" during the oil change.

A week or so later, we received notice of a damage claim from Enterprise in the mail. They wanted payment for charges related to the repair (Susp Hub and Bearing and Susp Control Arm Assy), towing and loss of use. All total at $584.78. The letter also included a picture of the car we rented, and a picture of the suspension of some car, allegedly our rental. I am not really sure if it shows any damage or not, its unclear to me but may be clear to a mechanic.

I immediately started looking into how I should approach the issue. I found several very useful and empowering articles on your site. Taking your advice, i sent a polite but stern email to the Damage Recovery Unit (DRU), referencing the claim. I have attached a copy of the email i sent them. A few days later i received an email from Enterprise saying they were sending my claim to a risk manager for review.

A week or two later, I was phoned by a representative. He asked me questions about our trip and basically explained to me how the damage was our fault. I told him that I was interested in any document or evidence that could support that claim. I told him that I didnt inspect the suspension before i rented the car, and that i assume neither did anyone at Enterprise. That we drove the car, it drove fine, and that there were no incidents during the trip. He re-iterated that we would have noticed the damage and would have reported it. I told him that his explanation of proof was unacceptable and that we operated the car within the lines of our contract and are not liable for any prior damage, damage after we returned the vehicle and any damage that might have occurred due to normal use of the rental car.

Our exchange was polite, yet pointed. I asked who i should contact in order to get the claim redacted. He said the DRU. I emailed them CCing the Department of Insurance (consumer affairs) in Missouri and have yet to receive any new information. I have also filed an official complaint.

I am wondering what my next step is. I dread receiving a collection notice in the mail. We are both young and certainly not rich, but I can afford the payment. I can't afford a massive smear on my credit report. Should I just pay it? This is the first time in my life i feel like I'm getting intentionally screwed. Any advice you could give would be of enormous help. 

Thanks for the work you do. It was reading your articles that gave me the resolve to dispute this claim and fight for our rights.

Greg Inman